what went wrong last time when you got
caught I forgot to be scared I liked it
too much you ever think about leaving
you're so close
please stay out of trouble what if I
lost my insurance the pregnancy and
birth is gonna be about eight or nine
thousand closest place for an abortion
she said where is it hundreds of miles
away I'm sorry it's been a rough time
for a lot of people trust me if you saw
the house you'd pay us to keep it are
you gonna get the money Olli I'll figure
something out
you said if I wanted back in to come see
you so you could move say five hundred
pills I'm gonna pill every day I'm with
mom and she's dyin and all I can do is
get her some medication so it hurts less
you got something
yeah oxy 12 a pill the ten for you it's
not what I wanted all right it just kind
of turn into this
I know you're selling again and I don't
appreciate losing customers because you
decided to get back in the business
[Music]
merde you got a procedure done around
here we're not trying to get anyone in
trouble yeah well you ain't gotta try
[Music]
it's not too late to back out how do we
know we can trust you
what brings you out this way how much
one you got and step over here we just
really didn't exactly go like we planned
[Music]
can you do this without getting caught
are you sure
course not
[Music]
you